L10n: Add support for routines other than NSLocalisedStrings (for widgets) (#311)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

> * Added a new `ios_generate_strings_file_from_code` action to replace the soon-to-be-obsoleted `ios_localize_project` action (and `Scripts/localize.py` script in app repos). [#309, #311]

Author: ```suggestion
* Added a new `ios_generate_strings_file_from_code` action to replace the now-deprecated `ios_localize_project` action (and `Scripts/localize.py` script in app repos). [#309, #311]
```
